Tour java improvements (#205)
restatedev/documentation: docs/tour.mdx

You can choose the parameter names differently.

For example, the `UserSession` service has the following keyed router:

```typescript
export const userSessionRouter = restate.keyedRouter({ addTicket, expireTicket, checkout });
```

> As mentioned, for keyed services there can be at most one concurrent invocation at the service level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned, for keyed services there can be at most one concurrent invocation to any method of the service.
```

> So this means that if there is a call to `addTicket()`, then a call to `expireTicket()`, then `checkout()` will wait in line until `addTicket()` has finished, if and only if both were invoked with the same value of `key`.
> This also counts if you omit the key parameter from the function signature, as we did for the `maybe()` and `withSomething()` functions above.

Reviewer: This is quite long and maybe hard to follow. Maybe a suggestion:

```suggestion
This means that for the same value of `key`, an unfinished call to `addTicket()` will block subsequent calls to `expireTicket()` or `checkout()` until `addTicket()` has finished. This holds true even if you omit the `key` parameter from the function signature, as we have done with the `maybe()` and `withSomething()` functions above.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

Update the reserve request in `addTicket` to use `oneWay()` to send a one-way message to release the reservation:

```java
@Override
public void addTicket(RestateContext ctx, ReserveTicket request) throws TerminalException {
    var ticketClnt = TicketServiceRestate.newClient(ctx);
    //highlight-next-line
    ticketClnt.oneWay().reserve(Ticket.newBuilder().setTicketId(request.getTicketId()).build());

    return BoolValue.of(true);
}
```

> Note that `oneWay()` isn't an asynchronous operation in the Restate SDK, so there is no need to call `await()` on it.

Reviewer: I think this reads a tiny bit better:

```suggestion
Note that `oneWay()` is not an asynchronous operation in the Restate SDK, so there is no need to call `await()` on it.
```
